The answer is found in the simple, yet profound, statement by
a Vietnamese monk, Thich Naht Hahn: “The path is the goal.” In
other words, finding your path in life is your goal in life. Your path is
not your profession, how much money you make, your title, or your
successes and failures.
Finding your path means finding out what you were put here on
this earth to do. What is your life’s purpose? Why were you given this
gift called life? And what is the gift you give back to life?
Looking back, I know going to school was not about finding my
life’s path. I spent four years in military school, studying and training
to be a ship’s officer. If I had made a career sailing for Standard Oil
on their oil tankers, I would never have found my life’s path. If I had
stayed in the Marines or had gone to fly for the airlines, I would never
have found my life’s path.
Had I continued on as a ship’s officer or become an airline pilot,
I would never have become an international best-selling author,
been a guest on the Oprah show, written a book with Donald
Trump, or started an international education company that teaches
entrepreneurship and investing throughout the world. 



Other Best-selling Books
by Robert T. Kiyosaki
Rich Dad Poor Dad
What the Rich Teach Their Kids About Money –
That the Poor and Middle Class Do Not
Rich Dad’s Guide to Investing
What the Rich Invest in That the Poor and Middle Class Do Not
Rich Dad’s Rich Kid Smart Kid
Give Your Child a Financial Head Start
Rich Dad’s Retire Young Retire Rich
How to Get Rich Quickly and Stay Rich Forever
Rich Dad’s Prophecy
Why the Biggest Stock Market Crash in History Is Still Coming...
And How You Can Prepare Yourself and Profit from It!
Rich Dad’s Success Stories
Real-Life Success Stories from Real-Life People
Who Followed the Rich Dad Lessons
Rich Dad’s Guide to Becoming Rich
Without Cutting Up Your Credit Cards
Turn Bad Debt into Good Debt
Rich Dad’s Who Took My Money?
Why Slow Investors Lose and Fast Money Wins!
Rich Dad Poor Dad for Teens
The Secrets About Money – That You Don’t Learn In School!
Rich Dad’s Escape from the Rat Race
How to Become a Rich Kid by Following Rich Dad’s Advice
Rich Dad’s Before You Quit Your Job
Ten Real-Life Lessons Every Entrepreneur Should Know
About Building a Multimillion-Dollar Business
Rich Dad’s Increase Your Financial IQ
Get Smarter with Your Money
Conspiracy of the Rich
The 8 New Rules of Money
Unfair Advantage
The Power of Financial Education


You have finished the project and it has been succefully processed 
